Variables: Add setting 'verifyOptionFromUrl' to check option get from URL (#35493)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/variables/verify-option-get-from-url.md

+++

> title = "Verify option get from url"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Verify option"
```

Reviewer: The side menu title should match the h1 title.

Author: updated

weight = 500
+++

> # Verify option

Reviewer: Where do you turn this on? If it is in the config file, then I recommend updating configuration.md.

Also, I don't understand what this option is or why I might want to use it. Examples or a simple use case would be helpful if this documentation stands.

Reviewer 2: When you find out, please update the title of this PR so it makes sense in context of RNs.

> If you turn this on, then when an option is passed via url, and it doesn't match any existing options, grafana will reject this option and fallback to the first available option(or empty value if there are no options at all).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you turn this on, then when an option is passed via URL, and it doesn't match any existing options, Grafana rejects this option and fallback to the first available option (or empty value if there are no options at all).
```

Author: thanks for suggestions, updated
